README.md, before:

# AWS ECR Terraform module

Terraform module which creates AWS ECR resources.

## Usage

See [`examples`](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-ecr/tree/master/examples) directory for working examples to reference:

### Private Repository

```hcl
module "ecr" {
  source = "terraform-aws-modules/ecr/aws"

  repository_name = "private-example"

  repository_read_write_access_arns = ["arn:aws:iam::012345678901:role/terraform"]
  repository_lifecycle_policy = jsonencode({
    rules = [
      {
        rulePriority = 1,
        description  = "Keep last 30 images",
        selection = {
          tagStatus     = "tagged",
          tagPrefixList = ["v"],
          countType     = "imageCountMoreThan",
          countNumber   = 30
        },
        action = {
          type = "expire"
        }
      }
    ]
  })

  tags = {
    Terraform   = "true"
    Environment = "dev"
  }
}
```

### Public Repository

```hcl
module "public_ecr" {
  source = "terraform-aws-modules/ecr/aws"

  repository_name = "public-example"
  repository_type = "public"

  repository_read_write_access_arns = ["arn:aws:iam::012345678901:role/terraform"]
  repository_lifecycle_policy = jsonencode({
    rules = [
      {
        rulePriority = 1,
        description  = "Keep last 30 images",
        selection = {
          tagStatus     = "tagged",
          tagPrefixList = ["v"],
          countType     = "imageCountMoreThan",
          countNumber   = 30
        },
        action = {
          type = "expire"
        }
      }
    ]
  })

  public_repository_catalog_data = {
    description       = "Docker container for some things"
    about_text        = file("${path.module}/files/ABOUT.md")
    usage_text        = file("${path.module}/files/USAGE.md")
    operating_systems = ["Linux"]
    architectures     = ["x86"]
    logo_image_blob   = filebase64("${path.module}/files/clowd.png")
  }

  tags = {
    Terraform   = "true"
    Environment = "dev"
  }
}
```

### Registry Management

```hcl
module "ecr_registry" {
  source = "terraform-aws-modules/ecr/aws"

  repository_name = "registry-example"

  create_repository = false

  # Registry Policy
  create_registry_policy = true
  registry_policy        = jsonencode({
    Version = "2012-10-17",
    Statement = [
      {
        Sid    = "testpolicy",
        Effect = "Allow",
        Principal = {
          "AWS" : "arn:aws:iam::012345678901:root"
        },
        Action = [
          "ecr:ReplicateImage"
        ],
        Resource = [
          "arn:aws:ecr:us-east-1:012345678901:repository/*"
        ]
      }
    ]
  })

  # Registry Pull Through Cache Rules
  registry_pull_through_cache_rules = {
    pub = {
      ecr_repository_prefix = "ecr-public"
      upstream_registry_url = "public.ecr.aws"
    }
  }

  # Registry Scanning Configuration
  manage_registry_scanning_configuration = true
  registry_scan_type                     = "ENHANCED"
  registry_scan_rules = [
    {
      scan_frequency = "SCAN_ON_PUSH"
      filter         = "*"
      filter_type    = "WILDCARD"
      }, {
      scan_frequency = "CONTINUOUS_SCAN"
      filter         = "example"
      filter_type    = "WILDCARD"
    }
  ]

  # Registry Replication Configuration
  create_registry_replication_configuration = true
  registry_replication_rules = [
    {
      destinations = [{
        region      = "us-west-2"
        registry_id = "012345678901"
        }, {
        region      = "eu-west-1"
        registry_id = "012345678901"
      }]

      repository_filters = [{
        filter      = "prod-microservice"
        filter_type = "PREFIX_MATCH"
      }]
    }
  ]

  tags = {
    Terraform   = "true"
    Environment = "dev"
  }
}
```

## Examples

Examples codified under the [`examples`](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-ecr/tree/master/examples) are intended to give users references for how to use the module(s) as well as testing/validating changes to the source code of the module. If contributing to the project, please be sure to make any appropriate updates to the relevant examples to allow maintainers to test your changes and to keep the examples up to date for users. Thank you!

- [Complete](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-ecr/tree/master/examples/complete)

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13.1 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 4.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecr_lifecycle_policy) | resource |
| [aws_ecr_pull_through_cache_rule.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecr_pull_through_cache_rule) | resource |
| [aws_ecr_registry_policy.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecr_registry_policy) | resource |
| [aws_ecr_registry_scanning_configuration.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecr_registry_scanning_configuration) | resource |
| [aws_ecr_replication_configuration.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecr_replication_configuration) | resource |
| [aws_ecr_repository.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecr_repository) | resource |
| [aws_ecr_repository_policy.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecr_repository_policy) | resource |
| [aws_ecrpublic_repository.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecrpublic_repository) | resource |
| [aws_ecrpublic_repository_policy.example](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecrpublic_repository_policy) | resource |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.repository](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_partition.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/partition) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Determines whether resources will be created (affects all resources) | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_registry_policy"></a> [create\_registry\_policy](#input\_create\_registry\_policy) | Determines whether a registry policy will be created | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_registry_replication_configuration"></a> [create\_registry\_replication\_configuration](#input\_create\_registry\_replication\_configuration) | Determines whether a registry replication configuration will be created | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_repository"></a> [create\_repository](#input\_create\_repository) | Determines whether a repository will be created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_repository_policy"></a> [create\_repository\_policy](#input\_create\_repository\_policy) | Determines whether a repository policy will be created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_manage_registry_scanning_configuration"></a> [manage\_registry\_scanning\_configuration](#input\_manage\_registry\_scanning\_configuration) | Determines whether the registry scanning configuration will be managed | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_public_repository_catalog_data"></a> [public\_repository\_catalog\_data](#input\_public\_repository\_catalog\_data) | Catalog data configuration for the repository | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_registry_policy"></a> [registry\_policy](#input\_registry\_policy) | The policy document. This is a JSON formatted string | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_registry_pull_through_cache_rules"></a> [registry\_pull\_through\_cache\_rules](#input\_registry\_pull\_through\_cache\_rules) | List of pull through cache rules to create | `map(map(string))` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_registry_replication_rules"></a> [registry\_replication\_rules](#input\_registry\_replication\_rules) | The replication rules for a replication configuration. A maximum of 10 are allowed | `any` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_registry_scan_rules"></a> [registry\_scan\_rules](#input\_registry\_scan\_rules) | One or multiple blocks specifying scanning rules to determine which repository filters are used and at what frequency scanning will occur | `any` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_registry_scan_type"></a> [registry\_scan\_type](#input\_registry\_scan\_type) | the scanning type to set for the registry. Can be either `ENHANCED` or `BASIC` | `string` | `"ENHANCED"` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_encryption_type"></a> [repository\_encryption\_type](#input\_repository\_encryption\_type) | The encryption type for the repository. Must be one of: `KMS` or `AES256`. Defaults to `AES256` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_image_scan_on_push"></a> [repository\_image\_scan\_on\_push](#input\_repository\_image\_scan\_on\_push) | Indicates whether images are scanned after being pushed to the repository (`true`) or not scanned (`false`) | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_image_tag_mutability"></a> [repository\_image\_tag\_mutability](#input\_repository\_image\_tag\_mutability) | The tag mutability setting for the repository. Must be one of: `MUTABLE` or `IMMUTABLE`. Defaults to `IMMUTABLE` | `string` | `"IMMUTABLE"` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_kms_key"></a> [repository\_kms\_key](#input\_repository\_kms\_key) | The ARN of the KMS key to use when encryption\_type is `KMS`. If not specified, uses the default AWS managed key for ECR | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_lifecycle_policy"></a> [repository\_lifecycle\_policy](#input\_repository\_lifecycle\_policy) | The policy document. This is a JSON formatted string. See more details about [Policy Parameters](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/LifecyclePolicies.html#lifecycle_policy_parameters) in the official AWS docs | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_name"></a> [repository\_name](#input\_repository\_name) | The name of the repository | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_policy"></a> [repository\_policy](#input\_repository\_policy) | The JSON policy to apply to the repository. If not specified, uses the default policy | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_read_access_arns"></a> [repository\_read\_access\_arns](#input\_repository\_read\_access\_arns) | The ARNs of the IAM users/roles that have read access to the repository | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_read_write_access_arns"></a> [repository\_read\_write\_access\_arns](#input\_repository\_read\_write\_access\_arns) | The ARNs of the IAM users/roles that have read/write access to the repository | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_type"></a> [repository\_type](#input\_repository\_type) | The type of repository to create. Either `public` or `private` | `string` | `"private"` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_repository_arn"></a> [repository\_arn](#output\_repository\_arn) | Full ARN of the repository |
| <a name="output_repository_registry_id"></a> [repository\_registry\_id](#output\_repository\_registry\_id) | The registry ID where the repository was created |
| <a name="output_repository_url"></a> [repository\_url](#output\_repository\_url) | The URL of the repository |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## License

Apache-2.0 Licensed. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-ecr/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat: Add wrapper module and pre-commit hook (#3)

README.md, after:

# AWS ECR Terraform module

Terraform module which creates AWS ECR resources.

## Usage

See [`examples`](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-ecr/tree/master/examples) directory for working examples to reference:

### Private Repository

```hcl
module "ecr" {
  source = "terraform-aws-modules/ecr/aws"

  repository_name = "private-example"

  repository_read_write_access_arns = ["arn:aws:iam::012345678901:role/terraform"]
  repository_lifecycle_policy = jsonencode({
    rules = [
      {
        rulePriority = 1,
        description  = "Keep last 30 images",
        selection = {
          tagStatus     = "tagged",
          tagPrefixList = ["v"],
          countType     = "imageCountMoreThan",
          countNumber   = 30
        },
        action = {
          type = "expire"
        }
      }
    ]
  })

  tags = {
    Terraform   = "true"
    Environment = "dev"
  }
}
```

### Public Repository

```hcl
module "public_ecr" {
  source = "terraform-aws-modules/ecr/aws"

  repository_name = "public-example"
  repository_type = "public"

  repository_read_write_access_arns = ["arn:aws:iam::012345678901:role/terraform"]
  repository_lifecycle_policy = jsonencode({
    rules = [
      {
        rulePriority = 1,
        description  = "Keep last 30 images",
        selection = {
          tagStatus     = "tagged",
          tagPrefixList = ["v"],
          countType     = "imageCountMoreThan",
          countNumber   = 30
        },
        action = {
          type = "expire"
        }
      }
    ]
  })

  public_repository_catalog_data = {
    description       = "Docker container for some things"
    about_text        = file("${path.module}/files/ABOUT.md")
    usage_text        = file("${path.module}/files/USAGE.md")
    operating_systems = ["Linux"]
    architectures     = ["x86"]
    logo_image_blob   = filebase64("${path.module}/files/clowd.png")
  }

  tags = {
    Terraform   = "true"
    Environment = "dev"
  }
}
```

### Registry Management

```hcl
module "ecr_registry" {
  source = "terraform-aws-modules/ecr/aws"

  repository_name = "registry-example"

  create_repository = false

  # Registry Policy
  create_registry_policy = true
  registry_policy        = jsonencode({
    Version = "2012-10-17",
    Statement = [
      {
        Sid    = "testpolicy",
        Effect = "Allow",
        Principal = {
          "AWS" : "arn:aws:iam::012345678901:root"
        },
        Action = [
          "ecr:ReplicateImage"
        ],
        Resource = [
          "arn:aws:ecr:us-east-1:012345678901:repository/*"
        ]
      }
    ]
  })

  # Registry Pull Through Cache Rules
  registry_pull_through_cache_rules = {
    pub = {
      ecr_repository_prefix = "ecr-public"
      upstream_registry_url = "public.ecr.aws"
    }
  }

  # Registry Scanning Configuration
  manage_registry_scanning_configuration = true
  registry_scan_type                     = "ENHANCED"
  registry_scan_rules = [
    {
      scan_frequency = "SCAN_ON_PUSH"
      filter         = "*"
      filter_type    = "WILDCARD"
      }, {
      scan_frequency = "CONTINUOUS_SCAN"
      filter         = "example"
      filter_type    = "WILDCARD"
    }
  ]

  # Registry Replication Configuration
  create_registry_replication_configuration = true
  registry_replication_rules = [
    {
      destinations = [{
        region      = "us-west-2"
        registry_id = "012345678901"
        }, {
        region      = "eu-west-1"
        registry_id = "012345678901"
      }]

      repository_filters = [{
        filter      = "prod-microservice"
        filter_type = "PREFIX_MATCH"
      }]
    }
  ]

  tags = {
    Terraform   = "true"
    Environment = "dev"
  }
}
```

## Module wrappers

Users of this Terraform module can create multiple similar resources by using [`for_each` meta-argument within `module` block](https://www.terraform.io/language/meta-arguments/for_each) which became available in Terraform 0.13.

Users of Terragrunt can achieve similar results by using modules provided in the [wrappers](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-ecr/tree/master/wrappers) directory, if they prefer to reduce amount of configuration files.

## Examples

Examples codified under the [`examples`](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-ecr/tree/master/examples) are intended to give users references for how to use the module(s) as well as testing/validating changes to the source code of the module. If contributing to the project, please be sure to make any appropriate updates to the relevant examples to allow maintainers to test your changes and to keep the examples up to date for users. Thank you!

- [Complete](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-ecr/tree/master/examples/complete)

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13.1 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 4.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecr_lifecycle_policy) | resource |
| [aws_ecr_pull_through_cache_rule.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecr_pull_through_cache_rule) | resource |
| [aws_ecr_registry_policy.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecr_registry_policy) | resource |
| [aws_ecr_registry_scanning_configuration.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecr_registry_scanning_configuration) | resource |
| [aws_ecr_replication_configuration.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecr_replication_configuration) | resource |
| [aws_ecr_repository.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecr_repository) | resource |
| [aws_ecr_repository_policy.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecr_repository_policy) | resource |
| [aws_ecrpublic_repository.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecrpublic_repository) | resource |
| [aws_ecrpublic_repository_policy.example](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ecrpublic_repository_policy) | resource |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.repository](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_partition.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/partition) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Determines whether resources will be created (affects all resources) | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_registry_policy"></a> [create\_registry\_policy](#input\_create\_registry\_policy) | Determines whether a registry policy will be created | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_registry_replication_configuration"></a> [create\_registry\_replication\_configuration](#input\_create\_registry\_replication\_configuration) | Determines whether a registry replication configuration will be created | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_create_repository"></a> [create\_repository](#input\_create\_repository) | Determines whether a repository will be created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_repository_policy"></a> [create\_repository\_policy](#input\_create\_repository\_policy) | Determines whether a repository policy will be created | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_manage_registry_scanning_configuration"></a> [manage\_registry\_scanning\_configuration](#input\_manage\_registry\_scanning\_configuration) | Determines whether the registry scanning configuration will be managed | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_public_repository_catalog_data"></a> [public\_repository\_catalog\_data](#input\_public\_repository\_catalog\_data) | Catalog data configuration for the repository | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_registry_policy"></a> [registry\_policy](#input\_registry\_policy) | The policy document. This is a JSON formatted string | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_registry_pull_through_cache_rules"></a> [registry\_pull\_through\_cache\_rules](#input\_registry\_pull\_through\_cache\_rules) | List of pull through cache rules to create | `map(map(string))` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_registry_replication_rules"></a> [registry\_replication\_rules](#input\_registry\_replication\_rules) | The replication rules for a replication configuration. A maximum of 10 are allowed | `any` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_registry_scan_rules"></a> [registry\_scan\_rules](#input\_registry\_scan\_rules) | One or multiple blocks specifying scanning rules to determine which repository filters are used and at what frequency scanning will occur | `any` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_registry_scan_type"></a> [registry\_scan\_type](#input\_registry\_scan\_type) | the scanning type to set for the registry. Can be either `ENHANCED` or `BASIC` | `string` | `"ENHANCED"` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_encryption_type"></a> [repository\_encryption\_type](#input\_repository\_encryption\_type) | The encryption type for the repository. Must be one of: `KMS` or `AES256`. Defaults to `AES256` | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_image_scan_on_push"></a> [repository\_image\_scan\_on\_push](#input\_repository\_image\_scan\_on\_push) | Indicates whether images are scanned after being pushed to the repository (`true`) or not scanned (`false`) | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_image_tag_mutability"></a> [repository\_image\_tag\_mutability](#input\_repository\_image\_tag\_mutability) | The tag mutability setting for the repository. Must be one of: `MUTABLE` or `IMMUTABLE`. Defaults to `IMMUTABLE` | `string` | `"IMMUTABLE"` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_kms_key"></a> [repository\_kms\_key](#input\_repository\_kms\_key) | The ARN of the KMS key to use when encryption\_type is `KMS`. If not specified, uses the default AWS managed key for ECR | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_lifecycle_policy"></a> [repository\_lifecycle\_policy](#input\_repository\_lifecycle\_policy) | The policy document. This is a JSON formatted string. See more details about [Policy Parameters](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/LifecyclePolicies.html#lifecycle_policy_parameters) in the official AWS docs | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_name"></a> [repository\_name](#input\_repository\_name) | The name of the repository | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_policy"></a> [repository\_policy](#input\_repository\_policy) | The JSON policy to apply to the repository. If not specified, uses the default policy | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_read_access_arns"></a> [repository\_read\_access\_arns](#input\_repository\_read\_access\_arns) | The ARNs of the IAM users/roles that have read access to the repository | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_read_write_access_arns"></a> [repository\_read\_write\_access\_arns](#input\_repository\_read\_write\_access\_arns) | The ARNs of the IAM users/roles that have read/write access to the repository | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_repository_type"></a> [repository\_type](#input\_repository\_type) | The type of repository to create. Either `public` or `private` | `string` | `"private"` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_repository_arn"></a> [repository\_arn](#output\_repository\_arn) | Full ARN of the repository |
| <a name="output_repository_registry_id"></a> [repository\_registry\_id](#output\_repository\_registry\_id) | The registry ID where the repository was created |
| <a name="output_repository_url"></a> [repository\_url](#output\_repository\_url) | The URL of the repository |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## License

Apache-2.0 Licensed. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-ecr/blob/master/LICENSE).
